Lee nation I'm taking you into the
grocery store with me we're going to
check out some of the most deceiving
lies that nutrition companies food
companies are putting on their packages
let's go let's go into grocery store
let's save you for making some of these
mistakes you can forget basically every
rule if you just stay to the outside of
the grocery store the breakfast I'll the
danger zone breakfast cereal let's take
a look twenty percent vitamin D from
frost replace you kidding me now look
with what you really get you get a lot
of sugar and a lot of chemicals in your
food color BHT vector cereal this is
actually marketed as being the athletes
type C or because the 13 grams of
protein so many forms of sugar the
fourth ingredient is soy protein with
lowest quality protein and a serial only
contains five point five grams of
protein the rest of that protein is from
daring though here's another example of
a high protein cereal special k let's
take a look at the ingredients sugar
textured soy protein concentrate more
sugar more chemicals but cereal is a
good source of fiber well it's also a
good source of sugar glycerin gelatin
eat your vegetables for fiber fiber
protein energy bars look at all of the
ingredients garbage made with real fruit
filling yeah show me the fruit in this
ingredients list always see a sugar and
chemicals alright let's move on to the
soda and chips I on diet 7-up natural
flavors show me the natural flavors here
I see chemicals sodium benzoate and a
lot of artificial sweeteners vitamins
and water good combination right let's
flip it over 32 grams of sugar in one
server and second ingredient sugar okay
here's a good 10 grams of trans fats
doesn't mean 0 grams if a serving size
contains less than 0.5 grams trans fats
it's okay to put 0 grams alright
crackers made with whole grains
bonus let's turn it over second
ingredient vegetable oil and other
fillers all right one of my favorites
made with real fruit juice we're talking
gummy bears here first ingredient second
degree and 32 reported reading all sugar
where's the fruit oh I know is in the
froude I've cranberry juice isn't just
cranberry juice usually mixed in our
lower forms of Cheaper types of fruit
juices oh yes more whole weeks so we're
talking to crap dinner here macaroni and
cheese with holy must be healthy I don't
think that looks healthy all right no
sugar added snack packs pudding no sugar
All Right see what else is in there
science experiments artificial
sweeteners chemicals made with whole
chicken fillets frozen chicken strips
also made with a bunch of other stuff
that we can't even pronounce thanks for
bringing us those fresh meals I'll just
cook my own chicken breast thanks just
because the brand name is healthy in it
does not make it healthy look at all the
bonuses that come with this frozen meal
even though it says organic on the label
doesn't mean it's healthy you have to
read the ingredients look at all that
sugar in there second ingredient sugar
high protein nutritious energy drinks
this one in general vitamins and
minerals let's see what's inside I can't
even name half of these things filled
with chemicals sugar where is the
protein all right we're in the
gluten-free I'll gluten-free chocolate
cake mix still whopping amounts of sugar
in there potato starch is also really
gonna raise your blood sugar levels just
because it's gluten-free doesn't make it
healthy so there you go guys thanks for
coming the grocery store with me hope we
learned a few things don't fall for the
marketing don't fall with a height read
ingredients read the nutrition label use
your mind use real foods and you're
going to be safe in the grocery store so
if you want some recipe ideas on how to
cook with real food check out team live
link aam we uploaded new cooking show
every single week there's probably over
55 videos there now check that out make
sure you click like on this video if you
enjoyed it make sure you click Subscribe
we do videos every Monday Wednesday and
Thursday now thank you so much for
watching appreciate all the support
we'll see you at the next episode keep
living lean Liv Lee nation on today's
episode I'm sharing 15 ways that you can
save 15 minutes to get in your workout
dude what is up with this hair